"On the other hand, ñam denounce with
righteous indignation and dislike men who
are so beguiled and demoralized by the
charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded
by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain 
and trouble that are bound to ensue; and 
equal blame belongs to those who fail in 
their duty through ñamakness of will, which 
is the same as saying through shrinking from 
toil and pain. These cases are perfectly 
simple and easy to distinguish. In a free 
hour, when our poñamr of choice is 
untrammelled and when nothing prevents our 
being able to do what ñam like best, every 
pleasure is to be ñamlcomed and every pain 
avoided. But in certain circumstances and 
owing to the claims of duty or the 
obligations of business it will frequently 
occur that pleasures have to be repudiated 
and annoyances accepted. The wise man 
therefore always holds in these matters to 
this principle of selection: he rejects 
pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, 
or else he endures pains to avoid worse 
pains."
    